Update docs about changes that went in for kindless upgrade task (#6922)
aws/eks-anywhere: docs/content/en/docs/troubleshooting/troubleshooting.md

### Cluster upgrade fails with management components on bootstrap cluster

> >**_NOTE:_**  KinD cluster is no longer used during upgrade of management cluster from v0.18.0 onwards.

Reviewer: I'm not sure if it's enough only adding one note here. folks might miss it when just searching for a particular issue. Wonder if note should be in any reference to a kind cluster.

@jiayiwang7 opinions?

Reviewer 2: I'd say the least we can do is to make this statement obvious enough with
```
{{% alert title="Important" color="warning" %}}

KinD cluster is no longer used during upgrade of management cluster from v0.18.0 onwards.

{{% /alert %}}
```

Then add something like

For EKS-A version v0.17.x and below, do xxx

### Cluster upgrade fails with management components on bootstrap cluster

{{% alert title="Important" color="warning" %}}

KinD cluster is no longer used during upgrade of management cluster from v0.18.0 onwards.

{{% /alert %}}

> For `eksctl anywhere` version v0.17.x and below, if a cluster upgrade of a management (or self managed) cluster fails or is halted in the middle, you may be left in a

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
For EKS Anywhere versions older than 0.18, if a cluster upgrade of a management (or self managed) cluster fails or is halted in the middle, you may be left in a
```
